By using the VFatumbot you do so at your own risk! In no way are we or the official Fatum Project guys responsible or will be held liable for any positive or adverse affects or consequences from the use of this platform.

VFatumbot is a fork of the original Fatumbot. The intention is not to replace it or offer a rival, but rather to prototype/get some feedback on some ideas we have like:
- Making it more accessible to people not only on Telegram via Facebook etc.
- Option to ignore water points.
- Offering an easy virtual trip to points via Google Street View/Earth (for you lazy ones).
- Make it a bit easier to use with buttons.
- Help connect the community more with features to rate the experiences at visited points and and map analytical results of aggragated anonymized data. 

Maybe oneday some of these features can be merged into the main project. Please note this is running on a free plan at the moment, and as such doesn't have the highest computing power so I'm not sure how stable it will be if lots of people join. I'll monitor it closely.


--- The original commands also work as described in the official welcome text below ---

*** PRO TIP!! WHEN VISITING ATTRACTORS: BRING A GARBAGE BAG WITH YOU AND PICK UP ANY GARBAGE YOU SEE ***

INSTRUCTIONS

Select the center of the map:

The Points will be calculated inside a given radius around the center. It is recommended to set your current location as a center.
By default calculation area is set to 3000m circle around London.  
To change the area, you can send your current location via telegram mobile-app in-built function "Send location", it will be set as a map center.
If you are using Telegram Desktop, find desired location on Google Maps and sen a link to it like this:  https://www.google.com/maps/@54.9831153,73.3224661,21z
(The link should have the same format as in example)

Select area radius:

If the map center is your current location, area radius will be the maximum proximity to the target point. To change it, seng command /setradius.
You will receive an answer: "Send new radius in meters (for example 3000)", send new radius then.
Or you ca just send it like that "/setradius 3000" (without quotes)
To drop settings to default, send command /setdefault.

Commands for Points generation:

[Designed to search for Blind-Spots.]
Blind-Spots are places that you can't normaly reach due to deterministic patterns.
These commands will help you get into a completely random place, which with some probability can be a blind spot.
/getpseudo - will send you a random location, generated by simple pseudorandom numbers generator (not quantum).
/getquantum - will send you a random location, generated by Quantum Random Numbers Generator source, set in configuration (by default it's QRNG - https://qrng.anu.edu.au/)
/getqtime - same as getquantum but will also suggest random time for visiting point.

[Designed to search for Intention Driven Anomalies.]
These commands use the effect of the influence of thoughts on quantum probability. Most often they lead you to the things you was thinking about.
/getattractor - will send you an attractor point. For it's generation a few thousands of quantum-random points will be created and then program will find an area with maximum density of these points and calculate it's center as an attractor.
Can be used with parameter, for example: /getattractor[3] - will send you 3 most improbable attractors, found in the area. Parameter can be a digit from 0 to 10.  Usually there are several attractors in the observed zone. 
/getvoid -  The opposite of the attractor point; A place with the minimum density of the point will be found.
Can be used with parameter, for example: /getvoid[4] - will send you 4 most improbable voids, found in the area. Parameter can be a digit from 0 to 10. 
/getpair - will send you both attractor and void-attractor points at once. Can be used with parameter, for example: /getpair[2] - will send you 2 void-attractor pairs, found in the area. 
/getida (or /getanomaly) - will return attractor or a void, dependendent of which one is more improbable. Can be used with parameter: /getida[10]
/scanida (/scanattractor, /scanvoid, /scanpair) - works just like "get" ones, but is making 10 entropy requests to qrng with 30 seconds interval. It supposed to increase the impact of intent, as it persists for a period of time. Can be used with parameter.

[For blind experiments]
Use this command to help us in separating real anomalies from confirmation bias effects.
/getpoint - will send you a mystery point, generated by random command. Can be used in blind-experiments.

Attractors properties:

The power of the attractor is a relative coefficient to verify that the attractor is generated correctly. It is based on the ratio between the density of points near the attractor and in the entire search zone as a whole. In theory, if it is less than two, then it is difficult to call it an anomaly.
Z-score is a coefficient of statistical deviation of anomaly from uniform distribution. For Voids z-score is negative.
The radius of the anomaly shows the size of the territory to which random points are attracted.
Attach the code of the point to your reports that we could find it's mathematical characteristics in a database.